Add documentation about NuGet security audits (#112)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj0040.md

---
parent: General
ancestor: MSBuild
---

# Proj0040: Run NuGet security audits on transitive dependencies too

When [enabled](Proj0004.md), GitHub's vulnerability database is consulted to
check for security issues that come with using any of the referenced packages.
By default (this will change for .NET 10 and up) only direct dependencies are

> taken into consideration. This rule advise to include transitive too by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
taken into consideration. This rule advises to include transitive too by setting
```

> taken into consideration. This rule advise to include transitive too by setting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
taken into consideration. This rule advises to include transitive dependencies too by setting
```
